In the last lectures, we added our first options to the notification,
now there are more options
I want to show to you. The next important option is the tag option. Now tag allows you as you might guess
to assign a tag to your notification,
for example confirm notification.
Now the cool thing about the tag is it acts like an ID for that notification
and if you send more or display more notifications with the same tag, they will actually not be displayed
beneath each other but they will stack onto each other,
so basically, the latest notification with the same tag will replace the previous one with the same tag.
So if you have two notifications using confirmed notification, only one will be displayed on your mobile
device or on your device in general,
if you don't set the tag option, they will actually display beneath each other which sometimes is the
behavior you want,
think about news websites who
want to push new headlines,
definitely don't want to overwrite new headlines other ones because they might not be related but
on other applications, you might simply want to show one notification at a time to not spam the user.
So by setting tag here, you ensure that the notifications actually stack.
So that's a useful feature to control how your notifications display.
Keep in mind, some operating systems will overwrite this anyways, so on some operating systems, your app
might only be allowed to push one notification at a time anyways
but if an operating system theoretically allows you to have multiple notifications at a time, this allows
you to control how they should be displayed.
Connected to tag is re-notify. Re-notify if set to true allows you or makes sure that even if you use
the same tag, a new notification will still vibrate and alert the user. If it's set to false and you
use the same tag on notifications, new notifications of the same tag actually won't vibrate the phone
again and won't notify the user again.
So if you set this to false and use tags, you have very passive notifications only sitting in the top
bar and vibrating on the very first notification.
If you set it to true, you still don't spam the user but you have a vibration on each new notification
and if you disable both, you send a notification every time and they will sit beneath each other and
maybe spam the user,
it really depends on which kind of app you're building.
So these are tag and re-notify, core options to control how you display your notifications
and important for you, to control that you use notifications responsibly and don't spam the user.
Now there's one other important feature set I'll
dive into in the next lecture
and these are actions on your notifications.